Feature update (#1)
ghbrown/oden_print: readme.md

## How to set up

- place the contents of `oden_print.sh` in your `.bashrc` or `.profile` file

> - in the copied text replace `<username>` with your sysnet username (for example `jsmith`), `<machine name>` with your machine's name (for example `bernoulli`), and `<printer name>` with your default printer's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- in the copied text replace `<default machine>` with your sysnet username and machine name (for example `jsmith@bernoulli.oden.utexas.edu`), and `<default printer>` with your default printer's name
```

For consistency between script and readme.

- `oden_print -h` : help message
- `oden_print -l` : list available printers on network
- `oden_print -d` : list your default printer
- `oden_print -m` : list your ssh machine 
- `oden_print -# N printer_name file_to_print` : prints N copies of `file_to_print` on printer `printer_name`
- `oden_print printer_name file_to_print` : prints `file_to_print` on printer `printer_name`

> Note that calling without specifying a printer will print on `<printer name>` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that calling without specifying a printer will print on `printer name`, which must be set in the function body by the user.
```
Remove angle brackets, and make it clear users will have to specify default printer.
